multipart geometry (#769)
MerginMaps/docs: src/field/mobile-features/index.md

Once you are finished with your changes, use the **Save** :heavy_check_mark: button.

![Edit attributes and geometry in Mergin Maps mobile app](./mobile-edit-features.jpg "Edit attributes and geometry")

Features can also be browsed, edited and deleted through the [Layers](../layers/) panel. Layers that are set as [read-only](../../gis/enable_digitising/) in the project properties cannot be edited.
- Tap the **Layers** button in the bottom navigation panel and select a layer to see the list of features it contains. 
- Select a feature from the list in the **Layers** panel to display its form and edit the values or geometry. 

![Layers in Mergin Maps mobile app](./mobile-layers-browse-features.jpg "Layers in Mergin Maps mobile app")

### Editing geometry
There are multiple options of editing the geometry of features depending on the geometry type of the survey layer: editing the vertices, [redrawing](#redraw-geometry) or [splitting](#split-geometry-of-lines-or-areas) features.

To edit geometry of a point feature simply adjust the location in the same manner as when [adding new features](#capture-points).

> Layers with MultiPoint, lines and polygon geometries offer more options. Tap a feature, press the **Edit** button and then use **Edit geometry**. The vertices of the feature will be highlighted. You can move, **Release** or **Remove** them as needed. Tap the **Record** button to save the modified geometry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Layers with MultiPoint, Line, MultiLine, Polygon and MultiPolygon geometries offer more options. Tap a feature, press the **Edit** button and then use **Edit geometry**. The vertices of the feature will be highlighted. You can move, **Release** or **Remove** them as needed. Tap the **Record** button to save the modified geometry.
```

![Editing line geometry in Mergin Maps mobile app](./mobile-edit-lines.jpg "Editing line geometry in Mergin Maps mobile app")

### Adding part of multipart geometry
Parts can be added to features from survey layers with multipart geometry type (MultiPoint, MultiLine, MultiPolygon) while editing geometry.

Tap the **More option** button while editing geometry and use the **Add part** option.

![Adding geometry part in Mergin Maps mobile app](./mobile-add-part.webp "Adding geometry part in Mergin Maps mobile app")

Capture the part by using the editing tools and **Record** your changes. The part is added to the geometry of the feature.

![Adding geometry part in Mergin Maps mobile app](./mobile-added-part.webp "Adding geometry part in Mergin Maps mobile app")

### Using streaming mode to edit geometry
The [streaming mode](#streaming-mode) can be also used while editing features with compatible geometry type. Tap the **More option** button and use the **Streaming mode**. 

![Editing line geometry streaming](./mobile-edit-streaming.jpg "Editing line geometry streaming")

### Redraw geometry

> The existing geometry of lines, areas and MultiPoint geometry can also be redrawn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The existing geometry of MultiPoint, Line, MultiLine, Polygon and MultiPolygon geometry can also be redrawn.
```
